PNET PLUGIN
-----------
The PnetPlugin was written by Matthew Flower in his free time, but is being
donated to Project.net because it is useful to anyone who develops.  (I might
as well share the love.)

PROJECT FILES
-------------
The pnetplugin.ipr file is a project file for the Aurora builds of IntelliJ.
The pnetplugin_old.ipr file is for version 3.0.x.

DEVELOPMENT
-----------
This directory structure is based on the "template" for plugins available
from www.intellij.org.  This allowed me to start developing without having to
put together my own build.xml file and directory structure.  It initially
provided a template plugin class to work with too.

There are still many things to do with this plugin.  It doesn't get a lot of
time because it isn't an official project of Project.net.  There is a todo.txt
list in this directory where I keep the list of what ought to be done.

DEPLOYING
---------
To deploy, copy the build\pnetplugin-bin.jar file to the "plugins" directory of
your IntelliJ distribution.  You will also need to copy the jar file for Oracle
JDBC (either classes12.zip or the ojdbc.jar) to your IntelliJ\lib directory.

DEBUGGING
---------
To debug, use the remote debug feature of IntelliJ.  This will involve modifying
the idea.lax file that you'll find in your IntelliJ\bin directory so you can
start IntelliJ in debug mode.  I haven't noticed any slowdown in doing this.

When you are debugging IntelliJ, you can't debug with the same instance of
IntelliJ.  (I'm assuming it causes some sort of deadlock condition.)  The
problem is that IntelliJ only lets you open one copy of IntelliJ at a time.  To
get around this problem, I use two versions of IntelliJ.  I'll run the plugin
in the Aurora EAP version while I have 3.0.5 open debugging it.  This seems to
work okay.

LICENSE
-------
The files in this directory are (c)2003 by Matthew Flower except where noted
otherwise.  Project.net is granted full rights to develop, use, and redistribute
the pnetplugin.  New files need not retain the old copyright.